# JavaScript-Problems
JavaScript programming problems (basics) [An editor is available at the bottom of the page to write and execute the scripts.]  1. Write a JavaScript program to display the current day and time in the following format. Sample Output : Today is : Tuesday.  Current time is : 10 PM : 30 : 38 2. Write a JavaScript program to print the contents of the current window. 3. Write a JavaScript program to get the current date. Expected Output :  mm-dd-yyyy, mm/dd/yyyy or dd-mm-yyyy, dd/mm/yyyy 4. Write a JavaScript program to find the area of a triangle where lengths of the three of its sides are 5, 6, 7.  5. Write a JavaScript program to rotate the string 'w3resource' in right direction by periodically removing one letter from the end of the string and attaching it to the front.  6. Write a JavaScript program to determine whether a given year is a leap year in the Gregorian calendar. 7. Write a JavaScript program to find 1st January is being a Sunday between 2014 and 2050. 8. Write a JavaScript program where the program takes a random integer between 1 to 10, the user is then prompted to input a guess number. If the user input matches with guess number, the program will display a message "Good Work" otherwise display a message "Not matched". 9. Write a JavaScript program to calculate days left until next Christmas. 10. Write a JavaScript program to calculate multiplication and division of two numbers (input from user). Sample form :   11. Write a JavaScript program to convert temperatures to and from Celsius, Fahrenheit. [ Formula : c/5 = (f-32)/9 [ where c = temperature in Celsius and f = temperature in Fahrenheit ]  Expected Output :  60째C is 140 째F 45째F is 7.222222222222222째C  12. Write a JavaScript program to get the website URL (loading page). 13. Write a JavaScript exercise to create a variable using a user-defined name. 14. Write a JavaScript exercise to get the extension of a filename. 15. Write a JavaScript program to get the difference between a given number and 13, if the number is greater than 13 return double the absolute difference. 16. Write a JavaScript program to compute the sum of the two given integers. If the two values are same, then returns triple their sum. 17. Write a JavaScript program to compute the absolute difference between a specified number and 19. Returns triple their absolute difference if the specified number is greater than 19. 18. Write a JavaScript program to check two given numbers and return true if one of the number is 50 or if their sum is 50. 19. Write a JavaScript program to check a given integer is within 20 of 100 or 400. 20. Write a JavaScript program to check from two given integers, if one is positive and one is negative. 21. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string adding "Py" in front of a given string. If the given string begins with "Py" then return the original string. 22. Write a JavaScript program to remove a character at the specified position of a given string and return the new string. 23. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string from a given string changing the position of first and last characters. The string length must be greater than or equal to 1. 24. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string from a given string with the first character of the given string added at the front and back. 25. Write a JavaScript program check if a given positive number is a multiple of 3 or a multiple of 7.  26. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string from a given string taking the last 3 characters and added at both the front and back. The string length must be 3 or more. 27. Write a JavaScript program to check if a string starts with 'Java' and false otherwise. 28. Write a JavaScript program to check if two given integer values are in the range 50..99 (inclusive). Return true if either of them are in the said range. 29. Write a JavaScript program to check if three given integer values are in the range 50..99 (inclusive). Return true if one or more of them are in the said range. 30. Write a JavaScript program to check if a string "Script" presents at 5th (index 4) position in a given string, if "Script" presents in the string return the string without "Script" otherwise return the original one. 31. Write a JavaScript program to find the largest of three given integers. 32. Write a JavaScript program to find a value which is nearest to 100 from two different given integer values. 33. Write a JavaScript program to check if two numbers are in range 40..60 or in the range 70..100 inclusive. 34. Write a JavaScript program to find the larger number from the two given positive integers, the two numbers are in the range 40..60 inclusive.  35. Write a JavaScript program to check a given string contains 2 to 4 numbers of a specified character.  36. Write a JavaScript program to check if the last digit of the three given positive integers is same. 37. Write a JavaScript program to create new string with first 3 characters are in lower case. If the string length is less than 3 convert all the characters in upper case. 38. Write a JavaScript program to check the total marks of a student in various examinations. The student will get A+ grade if the total marks are in the range 89..100 inclusive, if the examination is "Final-exam." the student will get A+ grade and total marks must be greater than or equal to 90. Return true if the student get A+ grade or false otherwise. 39. Write a JavaScript program to compute the sum of the two given integers, If the sum is in the range 50..80 return 65 other wise return 80. 40. Write a JavaScript program to check from two given integers if either one is 8 or their sum or difference is 8. 41. Write a JavaScript program to check three given numbers, if the three numbers are same return 30 otherwise return 40 and if two numbers are same return 20. 42. Write a JavaScript program to check if three given numbers (integers) are increasing in strict mode and flag is "false", however if "true" is false the numbers will in soft mode. Note: Strict mode -> 10, 15, 31 : Soft mode -> 24, 22, 31 or 22, 22, 31  43. Write a JavaScript program to check from three given numbers (non negative integers) that two or all of them have the same rightmost digit.  44. Write a JavaScript program to check from three given integers that if a number is greater than or equal to 20 and less than one of the others. 45. Write a JavaScript program to check two given integer values and return true if one of the number is 15 or if their sum or difference is 15. 46. Write a JavaScript program to check two given non-negative integers and if one of the number (not both) is multiple of 7 or 11. 47. Write a JavaScript program to check if a number in the range 40..10000 inclusive presents in two number (in same range).  For example 40 presents in 400 and 4000  48. Write a JavaScript program to reverse a given string. 49. Write a JavaScript program to replace every character in a given string with the character following it in the alphabet. 50. Write a JavaScript program to capitalize the first letter of each word of a given string. 51. Write a JavaScript program to convert a given number to hours and minutes. 52. Write a JavaScript program to convert the letters of a given string in alphabetical order.  53. Write a JavaScript program to check if the characters a and b are separated by exactly 3 places anywhere (at least once) in a given string. 54. Write a JavaScript program to count the number of vowels in a given string. 55. Write a JavaScript program to check if a given string contains equal number of p's and t's present.  56. Write a JavaScript program to divide two positive numbers and return a string with properly formatted commas. 57. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string of specified copies (positive number) of a given string. 58. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string of 4 copies of the last 3 characters of a given original string. The length of the given string must be 3 and above. 59. Write a JavaScript program to extract the first half of a string of even length. 60. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string without the first and last character of a given string. 61. Write a JavaScript program to concatenate two strings except their first character. 62. Write a JavaScript program to move last three character to the start of a given string. The string length must be greater or equal to three. 63. Write a JavaScript program to create a string using the middle three characters of a given string of odd length. The string length must be greater or equal to three. 64. Write a JavaScript program to concatenate two strings and return the result. If the length of the strings are not same then remove the characters from the longer string. 65. Write a JavaScript program to test if a string end with "Script". The string length must be greater or equal to 6. 66. Write a JavaScript program to display the city name if the string begins with "Los" or "New" otherwise return blank. 67. Write a JavaScript program to create a new string from a given string, removing the first and last characters of the string if the first or last character are 'P'. Return the original string if the condition is not satisfied.
